---
title: Homework
module: 4
jotted: false
---

# Homework

<!--
In this homework, you are going to move an animated character.  If you can, relate it to your project.  Create a class of the objects in your project (simple shapes, images, properties, functions) The character should move when either WASD or the arrow keys are pressed (your choice) or independently.  When the character moves, it should go from an idle state to a moving state.

<a href="https://github.com/Montana-Media-Arts/220_CreativeCoding2-Spring2022-Samples/tree/main/Homework%204" target="_new">Homework 4 Example</a>

Specifics:
1.	Create a class for the player
2.	Hold all image objects in an array
3.	Change animations to movement when the WASD or arrow keys are pressed
4.	Have another animation change by key press or some other timing event.
5.	Potentially move the character around the screen.
-->

In this homework, you will use classes, objects, images, and arrays and integrate them into your project.  

Since you already have food, your animated character should (hopefully) move and eat the food. The goal is to have multiple instances of your food on the screen, and the character will go and eat them. (based on location)  

If the character eats the food, integrate a timer so the food reappears. 

Move the character using either WASD or the arrow keys (your choice). 

Specifics:

1. Create a class for the animated character.
2. Have the properties of the character in the class.
3. Put all frames of the animation into an array.
4. Have a movement function inside the character class.
5. In the movement function the character class, make sure the correct animation is called. (idle, move, etc.)
6. Create an object of your character in the main sketch.
7. Create a class for your food.
8. Have all the properties of the food in the food class.
9. Have a function in the food class that makes the food appear randomly on the screen.
10. Create an object of the food class in your main sketch.
11. Use a timer to have the food appear.
12. Move the character around the screen using the keyboard.
13. Have the character gain points if they "eat" a piece of food.
14. Ensure a proper directory structure with an images folder, js folder, libs folder, etc. exists in the homework folder.
15. Upload all your folders and files to GitHub and turn your link into Moodle.